Fix(cli): add last newline in the end of default config (#953)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/hungry-spiders-check.md

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

> Add newline at the end of the default config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new line at the end of the default config file when invoking `changeset init`.
```

> Add a new line at the end of the default config file when invoking `changeset init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new line at the end of the default config file generated when invoking `changeset init`.
```
